The Joe Rogan experience. It's a,
we're in a weird place where people that might listen to this someday. Uh,
no one knows who the president is right now. Um,
the election has been went on last night,
but it hasn't been decided and it might not be decided for three or four days.
They think that Pennsylvania is the big one. And, uh,
they don't know who's going to win Pennsylvania. And if he wins Pennsylvania,
apparently he wins. Maybe if he wins one other state in Pennsylvania, he wins.
But if he loses Pennsylvania Biden wins and, um, it could.
Be real weird. Do you think you'll launch it?
Do you think you'll run for president someday?
No chance. That's a terrible job.
It seems like they just distort who you are. They, uh, they,
they push a narrative. They, they say things about you. They're horrible. They,
they do ads where they're just trying to break down your character.
And it depends on who the establishment is for or against. I mean,
what they're doing with Biden has been extraordinarily weird or they're
ignoring all of his gaffes.
They're ignoring all of these like real legit intimate.
I don't think you can say that they're ignoring his gas and you can go watch
GAF, compilations. Yeah. But not on CBS.
Not as that. And not his allies who.
Is in the news is not in the news. You're in the news.
You're in the business of distributing the news. Do you want people to see?
Yeah. Like you don't want people to see him thinking he's running for Senate.
He's like, well, the reason why I'm running for Senator, you know,
like you don't want to hear that. So they don't show it. They,
they take away all the times. He forgets what he's talking about.
They don't say they don't.
There's no thing that they've ever had on CNN is where they have a legitimate
conversation. And whether or not he can hang in there for four years,
forget about eight. Like how much cognitive decline has this man.
Experienced? You don't feel that they discussed that.
Non CNN. No, no, no. They haven't. They avoided like the plague.
They avoided the hunter Biden emails. They avoided all that. They,
they avoid so much,
they avoid so many different things that would be detrimental to him because
in large part, because they believe they covered that stuff too much. In 2016,
with Hillary,
when it came to the emails and deleting the 30,000 emails and then the
FBI, uh, uh, reopening the investigation right before the election.
And that could have cost her. And they've decided their approach this time,
they've decided that Trump is bad and he's a danger to democracy.
And so they're only going to cover the news that they think is important.
But the problem with that is then you, you open up the door to Fox news,
being able to say, why aren't these other people covering this?
They're not covering this because they're biased and it's fake news.
And th these, these people are criminals. This is all legit.
This is all happening right now. This is real stuff. Here's Joe,
Biden's stumbling. Here's Joe Biden, you know,
saying things that don't make any sense. Here's Joe,
but over and over and over again, you know, you don't vote for me.
You ain't black, all that crazy stuff, then they're not,
they're not super Thursday. Yeah. It's, he's a madman. Yeah. It's like, it's,
it's weird.
But all it shows you that the news is not just the news.
It's the news for the left and the news for the right.
You don't just get some unbiased source.
I think that people who aren't on that are, are
either feigning ignorance, like,
like people who don't think that there is an inherent bias within news
organizations within longterm legacy news organizations,
they're either like feigning intra feigning ignorance because it
benefits them. Or they're just flat out like, like Nike.
Well, it has never been this obvious where they're just ignoring really hard.
You don't want someone to be present. And if they can't think, right, right.
If someone's showing a real clear sign of cognitive decline,
you don't, you don't, you're supposed to highlight that, like,
this is part of the news,
but they had already picked him to be the guy running for the democratic party.
And they just, they just decided to just ignore all that.
But like I read the New York times. So Jamie.
I just go after, while you were saying that, uh, I'm reading updates now,
as of now, they've called, uh, Wisconsin for Biden.
Arizona has not officially been called, but I'm seeing that it's called.
And if he just wins, uh, Nevada and Michigan,
which he's currently up in that's enough to give him two 70.
And it doesn't matter about PA matter about Pennsylvania at.
That moment. Oh. So Biden's going to win that.
I, I don't know. That's the part of like, I've I heard last night, um,
I think it was Carl Rove, actually,
that was saying on Fox news that this reporting number is not accurate because
they have no idea how many people voted right now.
And how many mail-in ballots or early ballots are sitting out there.
So saying that like 99% or 95% is in, that might not be a good,
accurate number to go off.
This is for which state any, any of this? Any.
Of the states. Yeah. Yeah. So the closest ones right now are in Nevada,
Michigan, and Georgia, which is look how close.
They are. Dude. They're down to reporting like, like chunks of 3000 votes.
It's nuts, man.
And the Trump administration, I think has said,
they're already filed a lawsuit to stop the counting in Michigan.
What does that mean? I don't know, understand.
How he's like, why would you want to stop.
Counting? I understand. Like how can you justify the argument?
You want to stop counting. Yeah. But they want to keep counting in Arizona,
but what's the art, like what is, um,
what do they mean? Stop counting. I don't know.
So it looks like Arizona's lost 51% to 47%. That's a big gap.
Left a hundred thousand gap with 80. Well, it's only 84.
So they have 16% of the possible.
Vote out there. Yeah. But what's off Trump though, is,
was off his team. Is that what they're counting?
Our mailings and mailings are Democrats are way more likely to vote Malin.
Yeah. Right. So that's like, I'm sure I'm telling something you already know.
Yeah. Yeah. That his gripe about these things that are laying around. And,
and I think that he thinks they're just going to start making them up. He.
Tweeted earlier, like he was like,
they keep finding Biden votes in all these states. Like, yeah. He's.
Like, someone's going to find it 4,000 Biden volts somewhere. I don't know.
Sure. Well.
It's,
they're also made weird rules in some states where the signature on the envelope
does not have to match the actual person's signature.
Like when you sign the envelope for a mail in ballot, really?
They, they, my, I know my midterm ballot got thrown.
Away because it didn't look like your signature. Like I.
Got to know I was out of town. I got a call. There was a problem with my ballot.
By the time I got back, it was over and I didn't get counted.
And did they say why? Yeah. It was like, I didn't sign,
I didn't sign and date it. Right.
Or didn't sign and date where I was supposed to sign and date
some w w well, I thought I was, I was quite pleased with the democracy.
The fact that they tried to call me to rectify the situation I would have had to
like, do a bunch of stuff. And there'd be no way.
I think they probably knew there was no way I had enough time to do everything I
need to do. But the fact that somebody would like place a call to be like, bro,
your votes not counting. Wow. You call back. Or do you gotta do X, Y,
and Z in a hurry to get your vote in. And I missed.
Biden, wins Wisconsin, Fox news projects,
limiting Trump's chances of reaching 270 electoral votes. Wow.
So if Biden won Wisconsin, Wisconsin's in, so it's kind of over, right.
And that's what they're going to go to lawsuits now. So we'll see how it goes,
man. I just lost 300 bucks.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye
okay.